English
=======

Shifts are numbered 1 through 7: Wednesday = Shift 1, Tuesday = Shift 2 etc.

Every payroll period has 7 shifts. If you do not work a shift, that shift still
exists and you will have "0" hours for that shift.

A green checkbox will be displayed at the end of the shifts above when the hours
in the work reports you have submitted for that shift are equal to the number of
hours you should have worked for that shift.

If submitted hours are not equal to shift hours, that is not necessarily bad.
The most important number(s) are the number of hours you worked and your total
number of hours for the pay period (Wednesday through Tuesday of shifts 1
through 7).

The number of hours submitted is the total of all shift hour submitted: this
number is what will be used to calculate the hours in your paycheck.

Payroll Hours are the hours calculated from your hours submitted. This is the
number of hours you should be paid for in your paycheck. However, payroll hours
displayed here are UNVERIFIED hours.

If you made a mistake and sent too many hours, then do not expect to see all
those hours on your paycheck.

If you have submitted fewer hours, it is your responsibility to correct them by
submitting the appropriate work reports. You will not be paid for hours not
subjected (hours not reported).

Too few hours do not trigger a flag.

If you submit too many hours, an exception for that shift will be marked with a
red flag.

It is your responsibility to make sure you document all hours worked. The hours
you see on this screen will be the hours you are paid unless the hours are
flagged.

[./media/image1.PNG](./media/image1.PNG)
----------------------------------------

Spanish

Los turnos se numeran de 1 a 7: Miércoles = Turno 1, Martes = Turno 2, etc.

Cada período de nómina tiene 7 turnos. Si usted no trabaja un turno, ese turno
todavía existe y usted tendrá "0" horas para ese turno.

Una casilla de verificación verde se mostrará al final de los turnos cuando las
horas en los reportes que ha enviado para ese turno son iguales al número de
horas que debería haber trabajado para ese turno.

Si las horas presentadas no son iguales a las horas de turno, eso no es
necesariamente malo. Los números más importantes son el número de horas que
trabajó y el número total de horas para el período de pago (de miércoles a
martes de turnos de 1 a 7).

El total horas declaradas en sus reportes se utilizará para calcular las horas
en su cheque de pago.

Horas de pago son calculadas a partir de aver sido enviadas. El número de horas
sometidas debería ser, las horas mas la compensacion en su cheque. Sin embargo,
los horas de nómina que se muestran aquí NO SON CONFIRMADAS.

Si usted cometió un error y envió demasiadas horas, entonces no espere ver todas
esas horas en su cheque de pago.

Si ha sometado menos horas, es su responsabilidad corregirlas enviando los
reportes de trabajo apropiados. No se le pagará por horas no sometidas (los
horas no reportadas).

Menos horas no activan una bandera.

Demasiadas horas activarán un bandera roja de error.

Es su responsabilidad asegurarse de documentar todas las horas trabajadas. Las
horas que ve en esta pantalla serán las horas que le pagen a menos que las horas
estén marcadas como una excepción (con una bandera roja).
